OData Actions (#6434)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/integration/odata-services/consumed-odata-services/_index.md

## 1 Introduction

> Data can be published from an app for use by other apps through [published OData services](/refguide/published-odata-services/). Consumed OData services can be used to integrate external data sources and remote operations in apps through the [Integration Pane](/refguide/integration-pane/).

Reviewer: We are calling these "external actions" aren't we?
```suggestion
Data can be published from an app for use by other apps through [published OData services](/refguide/published-odata-services/). Consumed OData services can be used to integrate external data sources and actions in apps through the [Integration Pane](/refguide/integration-pane/).
```

Author: Fine by me!

For details on the features that a published OData service must support and how the conversion from and to the Mendix data model works, see [Consumed OData Service Requirements](/refguide/consumed-odata-service-requirements/).

{{% alert color="warning" %}}
The OData implementation in Mendix does not support all features in the OData specification, nor do we have any plans to provide a full implementation of the entire specification. The supported capabilities of OData are focused on providing a simple and productive way to share data and logic between Mendix apps. Although OData [external entities](/refguide/external-entities/) may also work for third-party OData APIs, their use is not tested nor guaranteed. Please validate upfront that the functionality provided in Mendix matches the requirements of your third-party APIs. If [external entities](/refguide/external-entities/) do not work with your OData APIs, the advised alternative is to use [REST](/refguide/consumed-rest-services/) functionality.
{{% /alert %}}

## 2 OData Services {#odata-services}

### 2.1 External Entities {#external-entities}

> When an external entity is used in an app, the associated dataset for the entity is retrieved through the information in the consumed OData service contract and returned.

Reviewer: Are we retrieving a dataset, or is it just the data? The dataset is just the description (contract) held in the catalog, isn't it?
We have a definition of a dataset here: https://docs.mendix.com/refguide/data-sets/ but it is an OQL query on an entity in the domain model, not related to external entities!

Author: Right, changing to "data" might remove the confusion. 
```suggestion
When an external entity is used in an app, the associated data for the entity is retrieved through the information in the consumed OData service contract and returned.
```
